# STAT-215_The-Office
The Office statistics
The variables selected for analysis are the number of scenes where a character looks at the camera to express an unspoken emotion, which character looks at the camera to express and unspoken emotion, the type of emotion received from the viewer because of the character looking at the camera in a scene, and, finally, the number of times a character looks at the camera in a single scene. Data was gathered through observing episodes of the show The Office - U.S.
The first variable, the number of scenes where a character looks at the camera to express an unspoken emotion, which is a quantitative variable, was measured by observing the episodes and taking a tally of whenever this was enacted. The values in this variable follow the structure of a quantitative variable, in that they are not categorically organized and are not subjective, rather the data collected were objective truths that held factual at the time of recording the data.
The second variable, which character looks at the camera to express and unspoken emotion, is one of two qualitative variables. This variable was measured on a categorical scale which included Michael, Jim, Pam, or other in the event that a character besides those three enacted the action. These categories were assigned objectively because whomever is performing the action cannot be misunderstood for another character through the mode of visual representation. The coding scheme allowed for an easily understandable mode for the data to be presented.
The third variable was the type of emotion received from the viewer because of the character looking at the camera in a scene. This is the second qualitative variable which was measured on a categorical scale that ranged from one to three. One being the option of humor, two being the option of awkwardness, and three being other. These categories were assigned and collected subjectively and the coding scheme once again allowed for an easily understandable mode for the data to be presented.
The fourth variable, the number of times a character looks at the camera in a single scene, another qualitative variable, was measured by observing the number of times a character looked at the camera during a single scene. The values in this variable follow the structure of a qualitative variable, in that, they are not categorically organized and are not subjective, rather the data collected were objective truths that held factual at the time of recording the data.
This project requires access to the Peacock streaming service, specifically the show, "The Office - U.S.", in order to be able to properly observe and replicate this project.
